gustavo rodríguez can not conventional
Y
yes
two
following
some interesting topics
the theme is the following but the first
topic that we're going to talk the only
contest contest as he can see
that if I went to the store people
come on it has a day change yes because
on Saturday
in the park first we have to give the
store at 12 a.m. We are also going to
make the day we wait for the store first
juggling at 12 and you two are running
action for what
you are the best
Bend
yes and show them that they can have a lot
a while
Bend
and so
so
the infinite is going to take you to the one
last longer by making the clock that only
five balls too
and here it is very important interesting and
superstar of this blog was pricked
on Monday we will have a new contest
in the
who is going to be the one who sends is your best
trick that you put your little camera
and you get serious with your best video by
example the video can be the best
trick like the one that is going to do them
player and he's
and if it can be with devil
anything that makes compatible
and on Monday the information will be given
all complete already about how we're going
to do this
and it's going to be a vote that he wants because
there will be judges on Monday they will have
all the answers that criticize me
this weekend and remember that
approximately
Facebook
I'm recording tutorials because the
truth is the morning
how easy
but speaking of the land to be auctioned
the story ends to win
subscribe renata
shares the fact of developing
top
share this idea with your friends who
you need balls so you can see
bankruptcies all to the park convictos
happy to die not friends
fair
good
do not
to the variety of games for the air
free orders in triple-double juggling
mx compute point free shipping on
purchases up to 500 pesos